[singing voice] Aniplex.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[wincing]
[labored breathing]
[inhales sharply]
[exhales sharply]
Memories of ten years ago.
[Shirou] The words of the man
who was my dad.
Even if I was a mistake
from the beginning...
The path that I chose isn't.
I wanted to become a hero
of justice so that
that event wouldn't just be
some tragedy in the past.
For ten years I've embraced
the ideal of a time
when everyone would be happy
and no one would cry.
[groans]
From the beginning,
I knew what I had to do
to realize that ideal.
I didn't decide to fight because
I'd become a master.
I decided to fight...
Because it was something
that I could do.
Something I believed I ought
to do.
[necklace jangling]
Tohsaka.
[grunts]
[Aimer's "Brave Shine"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Aimer singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Brave shine ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Stay the night ♪♪
♪♪ You save my life ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Your brave shine ♪♪
[tense music]
[breathing heavily]
How admirable you are.
[Caster] You can continue
to defy me all you like
but your servant body
cannot resist me.
Surely you can sense
my command seals
eating away at you little
by little.
[grunts]
You wouldn't have to suffer
if you simply gave in
and submitted to me.
[grunting]
[Caster] My stubborn Saber.
What is it you're doing, Caster?
[Caster gasps]
Master Souichirou!
Why are you here?
I thought I requested
that you remain
at Ryuudou Temple where you
can be safe.
[Souichirou]
Answer my question first.
I know you heard me.
What are you doing here?
Yesterday I captured the servant
of Shirou Emiya,
one of the other masters.
He managed to escape
so I couldn't finish him,
but he is no longer a master.
I see,
but I do not remember
instructing you
to do so.
[Caster] I acted for the benefit
of our cause.
I attacked this church
in order to obtain
the Holy Grail's vessel.
I slew the priest
who was the overseer
but the Grail's whereabouts
remain unknown.
[Souichirou] So you didn't
come back because
you couldn't locate
the Holy Grail?
[Caster] Y‐‐Yes.
I think I've got the gist of it.
Now can you explain why
you acted on your own?
I humbly apologize.
But my actions were all
for you, master.
My one and only goal
is to help you achieve victory
in this war.
I can assure you,
that is my only motive.
I see.
In that case,
you may not want
to leave until you've found it.
Search every inch
until you are satisfied.
Until then,
I shall also remain here.
Oh, no.
That will not be necessary,
master.
It could take quite a bit
of time to locate
the Holy Grail.
You should return
to Ryuudou Temple.
It will be much safer for you.
You have a point,
but if I did,
I would not be able
to achieve my own objective.
[Caster] Of course,
but what objective.
Be quick about it.
If it is not here
then so be it.
[Souichirou] I don't care how
you accomplish it.
‐ All I need is the result.
‐ [gasping]
[sparking]
[Rin] When was it that
I finally figured out
what that dream really was?
That it was the mental landscape
of a certain heroic spirit.
Many heroic spirits.
Servants.
Among them there
are special servants
that are fail‐safe devices
called guardians.
They are summoned into
the various ages
and prevent the destruction
of the human world.
No, it's more accurate to say
that they prevent
the human race
from destroying itself.
Even though he was summoned
to save humanity,
before he could save them,
he was forced to clean up
the messes that humans had made.
It did not take many summonings
for him to lose hope,
and he began to despise
the human world.
In the end...
he continued to be betrayed
by his ideal,
even after death.
[thunder claps]
[electric sparking]
[birds chirping]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Archer] If you aren't
feeling well,
we can put this off.
It's fine.
There is no pressing need
to attack.
No.
If we know Caster's location,
we should deal with her now.
[grunts]
[Rin] Here.
[giggles]
Standing there watching me sleep
instead of waking me up
is pretty creepy,
you know.
Relax.
I was doing nothing
so rude as that.
I heard unusual things, though.
[Archer] Several times
you muttered some wicked words
like, "I got irritated,"
or, "I'm pissed off."
Hmm.
That's a relief.
Hmm?
[Rin] Hey, Archer.
Have you ever felt regret
for all the things
that you've done?
I wanna avoid any regrets
if I can help it.
I bet that's going to be hard
to do, though.
Even more than I ever imagined
it would be.
[Archer] There are those
who can do it
and those who can't.
I'd say that you are the former.
See, people like you
don't make mistakes
in the first place.
Mistakes aren't even
a consideration for them.
Rin.
There are special people
in the world
who shine brighter
than ordinary people.
They never feel regret.
They don't agonize
over what they've done.
Most definitely you are
that sort of person.
You have the ability to believe
in your own path
to the very end without regrets.
[gasping]
What about you, then?
Will you be able to believe
that you're right
to the very end?
I'm sorry
but I have no answer for that.
The question is meaningless.
[Rin] Why is it meaningless?
[Archer] Have you forgotten,
master?
My own life's end came
and went...
Long ago.
I'd say attacking
and killing the overseer
is rather a bold move.
Still, I guess Kirei
probably saw it coming.
Rin, I must ask you again.
What now?
Are you still worried?
I'll take Caster on
all by myself.
If you get too close,
she might be able
to use Rule Breaker
on you, too.
[Rin] So instead,
I want you to take care
of Kuzuki, her master.
I'm perfectly fine with taking
that man on, Rin.
[Archer] But do you understand
that a mage like you
is no match
against Caster's power?
Relax, Archer.
I wouldn't have said it
if I didn't have a chance.
Just leave her to me.
All right?
[exhales sharply]
Very well.
I'll trust in you.
Okay, let's do this.
[Rin] I'll take out Caster here
no matter what.
Once she's gone,
Saber will go back
to normal again
and be able to forge
a new pact with Shirou.
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
[Rin] So did you make
absolutely sure he was dead?
[gasps]
Saber!
What exactly is that supposed
to mean?
Nothing at all.
If you didn't actually see
his corpse,
he's still clinging
to life somewhere,
that's all.
[Rin] But enough about him.
Let's get this over with.
You don't have
a human shield this time,
so I can go all out.
Do you really think that you
can beat me in a magic battle?
It depends on how I do it.
I can see that
you don't have control
over Saber yet.
Also, I know how strong
Mr. Kuzuki is.
He's no match for my Archer.
Are you ready to do this?
Yes, I'm ready.
[Archer] As planned, then, Rin?
[Rin] Yes.
I won't hold back.
I'm using everything I've got.
[haunting whispers]
Oh, how adorable.
You think you can take me
one‐on‐one.
However, aren't you forgetting
the powerful trump card
I'm holding?
Using my command seals,
I could make Saber my puppet
right now if I desired.
All right, then.
Why don't you try it?
Saber could resist easily.
[Rin] I don't know if it
would be for one minute or two,
but that's enough time
to take you down
and you know it!
[magical booming]
[gasps]
[grunts]
A distraction?
[gasps]
Now come down
so I can kick your ass!
Archer!
[whooshes]
[snickers]
[blow lands]
[gasps]
Dammit!
Archer, why?
[grunts]
[booming]
What do you think you're doing?
[Rin] Archer!
You see,
defeating her here struck me
as more than just
a little idealistic.
[Archer] When it comes
to escaping,
she's the best there is.
After all,
she's a woman who would tear
her own younger brother
to pieces to escape.
You talk as if
you know who I am.
Are you trying to imply
you know my true identity?
[Archer] Using dragon teeth
as vessels
are the hallmark
of the magecraft
of the King of Colchis.
His daughter‐‐
the princess Medea‐‐
is widely hailed
as a witch without peer.
[grunts]
That son of a bitch!
[scoffs]
[shudders]
[Archer] If I may ask,
Caster,
do you have
sufficient energy left
to sustain yourself
and one additional servant?
Archer, what are you doing?
[laughing]
[Caster] Of course.
I have more than enough mana
to sustain not just one more
but all the servants.
Then that simplifies things.
All right, then, Caster.
[Archer] I will take you up
on your earlier offer.
[gasps]
[snarls]
So what is it
that changed your mind?
The situation has changed
with Saber under your control.
It's only natural
that I switch sides.
I do not trust traitors
who betray their masters.
Nor should you.
I'm only yielding to you
for my own benefit.
There's no trust
or loyalty in that.
But isn't that
how all servants are
by their very nature?
Huh.
Very well.
If I could not keep control
of you myself,
it would speak poorly
of my magical abilities.
My offer still stands.
I will give you
what you wish for.
[booming]
[gasps]
[grunting]
Tohsaka!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [grunts]
[groaning]
[shouting]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [shouts]
[both groaning]
Trace...
On!
[wincing]
You idiot!
What were you thinking?
Nice try but not enough.
Your interruption
was an irritating surprise,
but the outcome is the same.
I shall finish you here and now.
[Archer] No.
Wait, Caster.
I want to attach one condition
to me joining your forces.
What are you talking about?
[Archer] I'll surrender
my freedom to you
without resistance.
My price is that you let
them both leave here alive
and uninjured.
[scoffs]
For all your words and actions,
you're just a softie.
No.
I thought it would be wrong
for a heroic spirit
to cut down his former master.
It's odd
to hear common decency coming
from the mouth
of someone who's a traitor.
[whooshing]
[both groaning]
[Caster] Very well.
I shall let them go,
but I promise if they ever get
in my way again...
Yes, of course.
If they prove foolish enough
to take up a hopeless fight,
they'll simply be annihilated.
Archer's right.
Let's get out
of here while we can.
[Archer] If you hate me,
it is misplaced, Rin.
This woman just happens
to be the superior master.
That's all.
I always side
with the most powerful.
[Rin] That's true.
But you'll regret it.
Because I'll never quit.
You hear me?
I'll defeat Caster
and then take you back.
And once I do that...
I won't forgive you,
no matter what.
[grunts]
[Shirou groaning]
That's what you get
for that stunt!
Just sit down and rest,
all right?
No.
Let's get back to my place
as soon as we can.
And don't worry.
I'm okay.
No, you're not.
Don't try to tell me you're okay
when you've got
an injury like that.
[groans]
Are you even listening?
I mean, why did you have
to come here in the first place?
Couldn't you tell right away
that the church wasn't safe?
I'm not that stupid.
Of course I knew it wasn't.
Then you should have turned
right around, you idiot!
How could you try
a projection like that?
Doing that's only gonna make
your injuries worse,
and you're trying to tell me
that you're not in pain?
[Rin grunts]
You're so messed up!
You know,
you're hurting worse than I am.
[gasps]
So let's go home.
Once we get there,
you can gripe
and moan all you want.
[gasps]
[Shirou shudders]
I can't believe it.
The guy actually made me cry.
Uh, T‐‐Tohsaka,
what are you...
Shut up.
You're gonna make this right.
Listen.
Don't you dare turn around,
got it?
If you see my face,
I'll get really mad.
[Shirou groans]
[Rin] Archer was right.
I should have defeated Caster
when I had the chance
no matter what.
I'm not whining
or anything like that.
But...
I always seem to mess up
on the most important things.
The less important things,
I can get done easily enough.
I don't know why,
but I've always been like that.
Archer's not
the only one at fault,
for going over
to Caster's side.
Boy, what a mess.
After all my big talk...
I suddenly find myself cornered.
I think this
is where you're supposed
to ask me by what.
Oh, so, what was it
that you were cornered by?
[Rin] I wish I hadn't
heard you earlier.
I'm even more depressed now
that I totally failed.
You'll feel better soon,
all right?
You haven't done anything
to beat yourself up over,
you know?
Yes, I have.
We're in this big mess because
my strategy turned out
to be wrong.
[Shirou] All that means
is that you failed
in one aspect of it.
But that doesn't mean
you were wrong.
[exhales sharply]
[Shirou] To be honest,
I admire how brilliant you are.
I don't regret things, either.
I believe that what I've done
was the right thing to do.
But...
That belief is a patchwork.
But I bet you'd pay back double
whatever you got,
once you've pushed all
that regret out of your system.
[grunts]
By the way,
why did you come
and try to save me?
[Shirou grunts]
W‐‐Wha‐‐
how did you get that?
You can have it back,
if you want.
I have another pendant
just like it.
I keep it hidden in my bedroom.
It was lying next
to me after Lancer's attack.
I grabbed it after I came to
and have had it since.
You say that you have one
just like it at home?
[gasps]
Huh?
Did I say something strange?
Um, no, not really.
But you lost me.
Why would this be a reason
for you to come try to save me?
[Shirou] Well...
[exhales sharply]
I've gotta admit,
that was an excuse.
[Shirou] To come clean
with you...
I've always adored
and watched you from a distance,
but it was complicated.
[grunts]
[Shirou] When I finally
got around
to talking to you,
I fell for you even more.
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Shirou] So I just jumped down
to help you without
even thinking.
That's all.
[grunts]
‐ [shouts]
‐ Hey, what's with you?
If you go blurting out things
like that without thinking,
you'll end up giving people
the wrong idea!
What do you mean?
I really do have feelings
for you.
Y‐‐You jerk!
You hopeless idiot!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Uh...
[gasps]
Thanks for coming
to my rescue.
I'm so happy you saved me.
[Kalafina's "Ring Your Bell"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Kalafina singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Ring your bell ♪♪